We have Guru Rinpoche, this bell and doji that he used. We also have the Samya Dora, the smaller
version. It's in here. It's the same Dora that I'll give you the present bit. I have the bigger
version.
Then we also have the purva that was brought by Guru Rinpoche to Tibet to subdue the demons when
they had asked him to come and they were building the Samya monastery.
The Samya monastery and the demonic forces were not letting them complete the task, so they invited
Guru Rinpoche to come.
We want the purva to subdue them. That's also in the claim of the treasure box here. And then we
have the Pakinyi Scum. We have a Pakinyi scum. This is the first time most of you will be seen one.
We have one here.
We also have the Tirmacam that was used by Guru Rinpoche. His Ganglin, his Bhumba, the water glass.
We also have his bell and doji. We also have the impot that he used, some of the thermos that he
wrote with was used from this impot that he had written down in me.
And this is there. And we have all the visual objects that you can see here. It's also in there.
That is his ordinary thing.
And his ceremonial hat that he used to give roundel and many other impot.
If you all want to give roundel, we can give you a blessing of the Samyara.
Now we have one purva here also, that was forged by Toji, by Toji Legpa for Guru Rinpoche.
So there are two types. One we say is a sky metal, as you know what it is. Another one is, perhaps
some of you may have never heard of, it's called the Zagim metal.
So this metal we believe is collected from all the universes that's there.
And then the metals are collected from those universes that then it was forged by Toji Legpa and
offered to Guru Rinpoche.
So we have that purva here. Zagim, purva can be distinguished by its color, it's brown.
And perhaps we can also give you the blessing of the Zagim Zambada. Also, that was the belong to
Kamuro Samyara.
So we'll give you a blessing with that.
So short. This is it. A longer explanation will take about five days.
So it's short on three.
This is the Zagim Zambada.
And one thing you observe is it doesn't have some of the filling because it's not needed for such
objects as diamonds and all.
So this is what I have heard here. I mean, perhaps some people may think that someone speaks, some
other people may say otherwise.
But according to our tradition, when it's of such caliber and things, someone is not needed,
because there's nobody who can offer this.
This is all from the Zagim Zabada.
I think perhaps we can give you the blessing of all the objects.
For many of you, then that's feasible, if not, I didn't exercise.
Thank you.
So very lucky. Please thank Rumbu Shek.
Extremely lucky.
Thank you.